small changes to documentation (#2366)
radareorg/cutter: docs/source/building.rst

   git clone --recurse-submodules https://github.com/radareorg/cutter

If you already got radare2 then

.. code-block:: sh

   git clone  https://github.com/radareorg/cutter

> 

Reviewer: I would remove this suggestion since it is making it more complicated for users to understand which version of r2 they use, and maybe later they will even have other problems when they will try to build with bundled.

On your other changes, you made a smart change of explaining the "Bundled" flag and it will be enough for the users to understand the differences.

Also, radare2 isn't the only submodule in Cutter, we also have cutter-translations.

I recommend removing this additions

::

>    sudo pacman -Syu --needed base-devel cmake meson qt5-base qt5-svg qt5-tools

Reviewer: Nice! Good one :)

   cmake -S src -B build -DCUTTER_USE_BUNDLED_RADARE2=ON
   cmake --build build

> .. note::
> If you want to install radare separately or you already have it then you can skip ``-DCUTTER_USE_BUNDLED_RADARE2=ON``

Reviewer: This is a nice addition :+1: It worth to mention that the "Bundled" flag isn't there only for people who doesn't have radare2 installed on their machine, but also it makes sure that the version of radare2 and the version of Cutter are compatible with each other. Very frequently radare2 introduce changes that break Cutter and require us to update our code and update the submodule.  Also, when Cutter is using the "Bundled" version it is not changing the version of radare2 you have installed globally on your system.

As such, I recommend making the following changes:

```suggestion
.. note::
If you want to use Cutter with another version of radare2 you can omit ``-DCUTTER_USE_BUNDLED_RADARE2=ON``. Note that using a version of radare2 which isn't the version Cutter is using can cause issues and the compilation might fail.
```

::

>    sudo mv /usr/local/lib/libjpeg.dylib /usr/local/lib/libjpeg.dylib.not-found

Reviewer: what changed here?

Author: nothing changed here i think git did something

Reviewer 2: It is at the end of file. Most likely trailing newline was either added or removed.
